welcome to my kitchen my name is Rebecca
Evans craft in the real women of
Philadelphia is offering the community
the opportunity to win one of three
international destination vacations now
i'm so excited i would love to win this
trip my first dish for the competition
is going to be inspired by france and
that's our first destination I've never
been to France but I would love to have
the opportunity to have a romantic
weekend with my husband sip wonderful
French wine out in the French
countryside and eat my favorite French
dish and that is escargot now escargot
may seem a little intimidating to make
in your home but it's so simple and easy
and they are so delicious meaty and
packed with protein you're going to love
I found my escargot in a tin at the
brochure this is a 7-ounce can and it
has 12 giant snails in there and what
I've done is I've take them out and i
rinsed them all off with cool water and
then I cut them in half they are
colossal so I wanted a little smaller
bite but what I have here is a cup of
chopped parsley I'm going to put that
into my little blender here and then
we're going to add some Dijon mustard
and I'm going to do 1 tablespoon a
little bit or three large garlic cloves
that I have missed put that in the top
there then we're going to add our savory
garlic cooking cream these cookie crates
are filled with flavor they add so much
to your dishes but only just a few
tablespoons I do 4 tablespoons of the
savory garlic cream 1
I'm going to get it out with because
it's so rich and thick too
for all right and then going to add one
tablespoon of our lemon herb and what I
want to add to this now is a quarter cup
of butter and blend it again for about a
minute so now we have our mixture all
complete and it's creamy and rich and
just looks delicious now we're going to
place this in a 500-degree oven for 8 to
10 minutes until it's bubbly and hot
I've dressed our salad my song with a
creamy delicious dressing made with the
lemon herb cooking cream my crotch I've
added to that a tablespoon of our dejohn
mustard a tablespoon of red wine vinegar
a little bit of olive oil about a
quarter cup and then half of a juice
lemon and salt and pepper to taste this
makes a terrific accompaniment to our
rich and delicious s agartha aromas in
my kitchen are phenomenal the smell of
garlic is just wafting through the air
mixed with the lemon herb clicking cream
by craft and the savory garlic cooking
cream this dish is a must try don't be
intimidated by escargot it is so easy to
make and so delicious try are seldom a
song made with the lemon herb cooking
cream so delicious and makes a
courageous mint to this dish I hope to
see you all in France get to try this
dish made by a French chef but today I'm
going to experience it right here in my
kitchen